Fallback functions should be kept short and you should also
check that the property message data length equals zero.
Ordinarily, you would never check for this in a fallback function.
But remember, fallback functions are the one place in your contract
where any ether that is being
sent to the contract that is not captured by a specific function,
it's sent to the fallback function if it's payable.
It's possible that a malicious user might try to manipulate
your contract by changing the state of the contract using message data.
It's always a good idea to make sure that
the length is zero because there is never a circumstance
where a payable fallback function requires message data.
So in general, make sure you require that that's zero
before you proceed with the transaction.